Added task to deal with token file (#12)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop: docs/2_getting_started_session.md

###### Sub-section taks

>  - [ ] TASK: Release the project after making sure all the data was uploaded - remember to specify the correct project ID

Reviewer: I think we should let them download the data without releasing the project, specifically to emphasise on that feature.
The releasing action should be part of the reasearcher-account-with-a-separate-token-file task

Author: Ah yes, forgot to remove that text after removing the releasing from this

> Another command to invite researchers is `dds project access grant --project "<Project ID>" --email "<email>" `

##### DDS CLI Token

> At the beginning of the session, we mentioned about the authentication token file generated in your home directory when you log in. **It is important that this file is kept safe and not shared**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the beginning of the session, we mentioned the authentication token file generated in your home directory when you log in. **It is important that this file is kept safe and not shared**.
```

> And if you move this file from you home directory and put it elsewhere, you will still be able to access the system by specifying the new path. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you move this file from your home directory and put it elsewhere, you will still be able to access the system by specifying the new path. For example:
```

 ~~~
 # Linux / MacOS
mv ~/.dds_cli_token ~/Desktop
dds --token-path ~/Desktop/.dds_cli_token user info

# Windows PowerShell
mv -Path "$HOME\.dds_cli_token" -Destination "$HOME\Desktop\"
dds --token-path .\Desktop\dds_cli_token.txt user info
 ~~~

> > Note: On windows, you can also move this file manually using the file explorer if you are not comfortable with the terminal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: On Windows, you can also move this file manually using the File Explorer if you are not comfortable with the terminal.
```

![Screenshot using the token path option](https://i.imgur.com/lq0E3UO.png)

###### Sub-section taks

>  - [ ] TASK: Release the project after making sure all the data was uploaded, remember to specify the correct project ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - [ ] TASK: Release the project after making sure all the data was uploaded - remember to specify the correct project ID
```

> Another command to invite researchers is `dds project access grant --project "<Project ID>" --email "<email>" `

> ##### DDS Cli Token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### DDS CLI Token
```

Reviewer 2: Did we decide we didn't want it to be optional?

Author: I feel like it is quite an advance feature. And probably most people won't even need to use it never

Reviewer 2: Yup exactly, don't we want it to be very optional?

Author: The task is marked as optional. Or you mean the whole section has optional?

Reviewer 2: Maybe the whole section - i.e. if it's very advanced, then we probably don't want everyone to have to even read the section.

Author: okay, done

Reviewer: I kind of disagree that it is so advanced and never going to be used. It is very useful in my opinion, in particular because units have no other option to deliver data between themselves other than inviting each other as Researchers. Then this option can be very useful for them. Also, I always saw this workshop as way to show them such fine features, apart from giving them the big picture

Author: I don't mind, actually. 
But I don't know how common do they have to deliver data between themselves. But as Aishling is not here today. I can move it back again to get approved from you, and then you can add the things that got deleted from your changes and Monday next week we finish the discussion

Reviewer 2: My only opinion is that if the task is optional, then the text should be optional - whether it should all be optional or not, I'll leave up to you guys! Go ahead and make whichever call.

 - [ ] TASK: Download the project contents, and verify that they are the correct. You can download data with your unit admin account.

 - [ ] Optional: If you have another email address, use your Unit Admin / Personnel account to invite that email as a researcher. Once you have registered the "researcher" account, authenticate using the researcher account credentials and use the dds data get command as described above to download the data.

## Optional task - DDS Cli Token

> At the beggining of the session, we mentioned about the file generated when you first log in.
> 
> In your home directory DDS will create a file that stores the token used to authenticate with the API. **It is important that this file is not shared**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the beginning of the session, we mentioned about the authentication token file generated in your home directory when you log in. **It is important that this file is kept safe and not shared**.
```

> You can find this file, by default it will  be your home directory. And if you move it elsewhere, you will still be able to access the system by specifying the new route. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And if you move this file from you home directory and put it elsewhere, you will still be able to access the system by specifying the new path. For example:
```

 ~~~
 # Linux / MacOS
mv ~/.dds_cli_token ~/Desktop

> dds --token-path ~/.dds_cli_token user info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dds --token-path ~/Desktop/.dds_cli_token user info
```
